README.md, before:

# YouTube-DL-Scripts

## Introduction 

The instructions specify scripts and files that are in the "MP3" format.
If you want to download in the "MP4" format, just use the "MP4" variants of the scripts.
The script will attempt to download as "MP4" if possible, but will download "M4A" if it's not available.

## Instructions 

If you want to download a playlist or video, open "YouTube to MP3 (or MP4) - Main" and use the right click menu to paste the URL into the CMD.
Hit enter, let the script run.

The script will close on its own and the downloaded MP3 (or MP4) will be in "Downloaded MP3"

## Updating Information / Fixing the script 

If the download does not work the first time, "yt-dlp.exe" is most likely outdated. 
The script will update itself but you can also run "yt-dlp Update.bat"

If the update doesn't work, go to the following link and download "yt-dlp.exe" to replace the one in the original folder:
https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp/releases/latest

## Known Issues 

This can only download the first 100 items from a playlist or else it'll crash.

## Alternative Scripts 

If you would rather use the script inside "Downloaded MP3", cut and paste "YouTube to MP3 - Alt" into "Downloaded MP3" and use that script instead.

If you would rather send the downloads to this folder, open "YouTube to MP3 - Alt" with a text editor and delete "cd..". Save the script, use that script instead.

Commit message:

2.0 - Reworked All Scripts
Complete rework of scripts, they now don't need "alt" versions to download from different locations. Commands are drawn from a universal variable file, making them easier to update.

README.md, after:

# YouTube-DL-Scripts

## Introduction 

The script will attempt to download MP4s as .mp4 if possible, but will download any available video format if no MP4 variant exists. Audio files will be converted to MP3 using ffmpeg.

If an issue exists with the downloading process, it's likely on yt-dlp's end since this script is just a convenient way to run yt-dlp.

## Instructions 

If you want to download a playlist or video, run "YouTube to MP4.bat" or "YouTube to MP3.bat" and type in or paste in the URL.

Hit enter, let the script run.

The script will close on its own and the downloaded file will be in "Downloaded Video".

## Updating Information / Fixing the script 

If the download does not work the first time, "yt-dlp.exe" is most likely outdated. 
The script will update itself but you can also run "yt-dlp Update.bat" to update it manually.

If the update doesn't work, go to the following link and download "yt-dlp.exe" to replace the one in the original folder:
https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp/releases/latest
